Add read side document (#3)
EugeniyBurmistrov/resolve: docs/read-side.md

```js
const devConfig = {
  ...
  readModelAdapters: [
    {
      name: 'default',
      module: 'resolve-readmodel-memory',
      options: {}
    }
  ],
}
```

```js
import { declareRuntimeEnv } from 'resolve-scripts'
const prodConfig = {
  ...
  readModelAdapters: [
    {
      name: 'default',
      module: 'resolve-readmodel-mysql',
      options: {
        host: declareRuntimeEnv('SQL_HOST'),
        database: declareRuntimeEnv('SQL_DATABASE'),
        user: declareRuntimeEnv('SQL_USER'),
        password: declareRuntimeEnv('SQL_PASSWORD'),
      }
    }
  ],
}
```

### Configuring View Models

In the same way, you should register your View Models in the **viewModels** section:

```js
const appConfig = {
  ...
  viewModels: [
    {
      name: 'storyDetails',
      projection: 'common/view-models/story_details.projection.js',
      serializeState: 'common/view-models/story_details.serialize_state.js',
      deserializeState: 'common/view-models/story_details.deserialize_state.js',
      snapshotAdapter: {
        module: 'common/view-models/snapshot_adapter.module.js',
        options: {
          pathToFile: 'snapshot.db',
        }
      }
    }
  ],
  ...
}
```

> In the configuration object, specify the View Model's name and the path to the file containing projection definition. You can also specify the View Model snapshot storage adapter. Use the **serializeState** and **deserializeState** options to specify paths to a View Model's serializer and deserializer functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the configuration object, specify the View Model's name and the path to the file that contains the projection definition. You can also specify the View Model snapshot storage adapter. Use the **serializeState** and **deserializeState** options to specify paths to a View Model's serializer and deserializer functions.
```

You can communicate with the store using the standard API. The code sample below demonstrates a typical Read Model projection function implementation:

```js
[STORY_COMMENTED]: async (
  store, { aggregateId, timestamp, payload: { parentId, userId, userName, commentId, text } }
) => {
  const comment = { id: commentId, text, parentId, comments: [], storyId: aggregateId,
    createdAt: timestamp, createdBy: userId, createdByName: userName }

  await store.insert('Comments', comment)
  await store.update(
    'Stories',
    { id: aggregateId },
    { $inc: { commentCount: 1 } }
  )
}
...
```

A [resolver](#resolvers) then uses the data from the store to prepare final data samples in response to data requests.

If you delete the Read Model storage, this will force the framework to re-populate the store based on all events from the beginning of the history. This can be useful in the development environment and when you deploy an updated version of the application.

> Note that reSolve does not limit you on what logic you can use in a projection function implementation as long as it helps you prepare data required to answer queries. Depending on your requirements, you can perform SQL queries, update Elastic Search indexes, write arbitrary data to files, etc.

Reviewer: Depending on your requirements?

Author: Removed the 'Depending on your requirements' part

## Resolvers

> A **resolver** is the part of a Read Model that handles data requests. A resolver function receives the store and request parameters. Based on the parameters, the resolver function pulls the required data from the store and processes it to prepare the response object.

Reviewer: Why 'required'?

Author: 'pulls data'

> The code sample below demonstrate a typical Read Model implementation:

Reviewer: Why 'typical'?

Author: Removed 'typical'

Author: Also, 'demonstrates'
